okay I'm sorry sorry oh my god he is all
right so it better be certain good all
right so we have been failing to make
this YouTube video he behind a camera a
little one he's holding it there's been
waiting forever like I've been waiting
for everything even technically golfing
dude are you gonna stop complaining and
do the video fish what do the video with
this stupid steak and my babe what sizes
the hook where's this is eyes 24 hook
with bread and I got a fish for my
minnows I'm not gonna catch my goldfish
because they're too precious Adam
forever okay uh-uh you're getting in
trouble on facebook all right I was time
you know oh my goodness that was my mom
she all mad because I said life is
it on facebook who got it oh
alright got him gosh this is so hard
catching oh damn
this is hella fun you guys catch your
home is didn't do this what kind of
menage ET these are creek chub minnows
and I had them for almost a month now I
have you guys is this mm what's the
point of catching him foul on YouTube
and this is dude you're gonna make me
stand here to hold this camera I'm gonna
pull it up now guys I'm not gonna nice
around anywhere uh lost him ah all right
here we go all right no I just blast one
day he'll catch one man he caught one
because of me he's little fish die fish
all right this is animal cruelty
all right and he is back back in hey
give us some information about this
stuff information i would type in your
information you're looking for sure is
looking at my phone what type of
information you asked them for what kind
of video are you posting you i'm posting
a video on youtube about you fishing no
I tank because if you look you don't
find a lot of videos like that I thought
it'd just be okay so that is that's a
cool fish that is creek chub something
that's another creep show of something
how many do you got in here I got 12
creek chub six gold fish yes you and
says tank is a 30-gallon tank and those
are my keys with my pop kaizen catching
alone with God goldfish all right I want
to see if I could get him to the top
can get him get a goldfish nope nope
nope God I'll fish in the jungle over
here jungle park oh my tank and super
white gold face go away fish this is
just strictly I think they're smarter
now
oh I caught my goldfish I didn't get to
do that oh my god oh ok so just call me
goldfish shocking stopped the video bye
stop it stop the video I'm gonna find
you my goodness hi gertie yeah